fix the admin logging doc (#612)
webrecorder/browsertrix: chart/admin/logging/README.md

```
kubectl get secret btrixlog-es-elastic-user -n btrix-admin -o go-template='{{.data.elastic | base64decode}}'
```

> * open `https://hostname/kibana/` (DO NOT FORGET THE TRAILING SLASH)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* open `https://hostname/kibana/` (note the trailing slash is required)
```
